hey Scott butch from short here with a
2010 by early monarch monarchs one of
our most amazing shapes ever it's been
in the line for quite a while and
continue to be one of the best riding
boards this board actually came out this
year and won two world titles on it
Mitch Langfield just won the Pro Junior
title on it and Erin rathi also won the
pro men's title on the board this year
did a couple new things for the board
this year we took this board which was
only available in a PVC high-end core
before and we came up with a new BioLite
polyurethane foam internal to it so it's
got a way more of a basic price point
now in the line versus being the highest
end board that it was but still to try
the true shape that's always been Mitch
actually rode this exact model to win
the world title this year on on this
board we did do a new glass construction
on this board as well it's got a double
lap construction so basically the bottom
glass wraps over the top rail in the top
class wraps over the bottom rail which
what this basically does is reinforce
this a whole perimeter of the board all
my glass technology with byerly really
focusing on having the main construction
of the glass wrap around and support the
rails the glass on the flats actually
doesn't add a lot of strength to the
board or you really gain all the
strength and rigidity of the board is
around the perimeter of the board
we did a new graphic on this board it's
going to be available this year in three
sizes you'll have it a 56 a 5452 did a
really cool new black graphic with a
real tonal by release call all across it
the three different sizes are going to
look really similar the main difference
is going to be the 56 is in red the 54
is in green in the 52 is in yellow for
the red low going around the skull in
the badging up top we're running the
same bottom graphic on all three sizes
boys are just out doing the shoot that
for advertisement this year and the
bottom logos just show up insane on this
board had a really good response to it
and at the new price we're really
looking to make this board fly off the
shelves make sure you go and check this
board out at a byerly dealer near you